Create block: Add support for external templates hosted on npm (#22175)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/create-block/README.md

When you scaffold a block, you must provide at least a `slug` name, the `namespace` which usually corresponds to either the `theme` or `plugin` name, and the `category`. In most cases, we recommended pairing blocks with plugins rather than themes, because only using plugin ensures that all blocks still work when your theme changes.

## Available Commands [ESNext template]

> When bootstraped with the `esnext` templateyou can run several commands inside the directory:

Reviewer: One more thing, `wpScriptsEnabled` enables those commands. Once we sort out the final shape of template definition we can update this section to reflect it.

Author: Yes the commands get enabled by `wpScriptsEnabled` but at the end it matters what the creator of the template has in their `scripts` in the `package.json`. 

Thats why I changed it to only refer to the `esnext` template.

> When bootstraped with the `esnext` templateyou can run several commands inside the directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When bootstraped with the `esnext` template, you can run several commands inside the directory:
```

```
Updates WordPress packages to the latest version. [Learn more](/packages/scripts#packages-update).

## External Templates
Since version 0.12.0 it is possible to use external templates hosted on NPM. These templates need to contain `.mustache` files that will be used in the scaffolding and one `template.json` for the metadata. 

> ### Availabe Variables: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Available Variables: 
```

If you're using VSCode, I might suggest the following useful extension:

https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker

- `namespace`
- `slug`
- `title`
- `textdomain`
- `description`
- `category`
- `dashicon`
- `license`
- `licenseURI`
- `namespaceSnakeCase`

> - `slugSnakeCase`

Reviewer: `namespaceSnakeCase` and `slugSnakeCase` ar sort of special here. We should omit them and find a way to apply those modifications inside the template.

### `template.json`
```json
{
    "defaultValues": {
        "namespace": "create-block",
        "slug": "esnext-example",
        "title": "ESNext Example",
        "description":
            "Example block written with ESNext standard and JSX support – build step required.",
        "dashicon": "smiley",
        "category": "widgets",
        "author": "The WordPress Contributors",
        "license": "GPL-2.0-or-later",
        "licenseURI": "https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html",
        "version": "0.1.0"
    },

>     "outputFiles": [

Reviewer: For the future:

I'm very interested to find a way to automate the discovery of templates with `glob` call or something like this. It would be great to be able to default to `templates` folder that the template author can override:
```json
{
    "templatesFolder": "./my-folder"
}
```

        ".editorconfig",
        ".gitignore",
        "editor.css",
        "src/edit.js",
        "src/index.js",
        "src/save.js",
        "$slug.php",
        "style.css",
        "readme.txt"
    ],

>     "wpScriptsEnabled": true

Reviewer: Thinking about it now when documented, it should be opt-out rather than opt-in, we want people to use `wp-scripts` :)
